♪ ("Production Music: The Leading Edge"
by Soundtrack plays) ♪
>> This is "Arkansas 11," KTHV, Little Rock.
♪ ("Tuesday1" by Tuesday Productions plays)
♪
>> "11 Action News," voted best by United
Press International and the Associated Press.
Steve Martone's weather; Gary Hogan, sports;
and with the news, B.J. Sams.
>> "Arkansas 11," KTHV, Little Rock.
♪ ("Production Music: The Leading Edge"
by Soundtrack plays) ♪
>> Joe Quinn; Anne Jansen; Steve Martone,
weather;
and Arkansas' Sportscaster of the Year, Max
Morgan.
This is "11 Action News Nightwatch".
>> Anne Jansen: Good evening.
If you've been with us through primetime,
you saw a CBS movie depict the troubled life
of a young suicide victim.
>> Joe Quinn: It was the story of a girl who
fell into
a sordid world of pornography before taking
her own life.
♪ ("It's All Right Here," alternate theme,
by Gari Media Group plays) ♪
>> "...News at 6:00".
>> B.J. Sams: The Pulaski County Sheriff's
Department investigate one of its own.
Good evening, everyone.
>> Jansen: A deputy has been relieved of his
duties,
and accused of stealing from the department's
property room.
♪ ("It's All Right Here," main theme, by
Gari Media Group plays) ♪
>> Bob Vernon: From Arkansas' Very Own KTHV...
♪♪
This is "11 Action News".
>> Kristen Terrell: A Little Rock group rallies
to stop teen violence before it happens.
As Republicans gather for their convention,
more questions surface about the President's
health.
And, Republicans on either side of the abortion
issue square off in Houston.
Good evening, everyone.
I'm Kristen Terrell.
Thanks for joining us.
The Republicans' top brass say the abortion
issue is no problem.
♪ ("KTHV 1995 News Theme," midday theme,
plays) ♪
>> Larry Audas: It was taken as a bomb threat,
but it was just a joke.
>> Jansen: Little Rock police aren't laughing.
>> Lisa Malay: This is "Today's THV".
>> Audas: Good evening, I'm Larry Audas with
Anne Jansen.
The story of that bomb joke turned ugly and
fast.
But right now, the story is the weather.
♪ ("KTHV 1995 News Theme," midday theme,
plays) ♪
>> Malay: From "Today's THV," this is "Arkansas
Today" with Beth Ward.
>> Beth Ward: Hi, everybody, glad you're with
us for this 30 minutes of "Arkansas Today".
♪ ("KTHV 1995 News Theme," main theme, plays)
♪
>> Malay: Named "Best Newscast" by the Associated
Press, this is "Today's THV".
♪ ("KTHV 1995 News Theme," main theme, plays)
♪
You're watching "11 on 11: The THV 10:00 Difference".
>> Dawn Scott: North Little Rock police catch
14 clerks
allegedly selling alcohol and tobacco to minors.
Good evening, thanks for joining us.
I'm Dawn Scott, Larry has the night off.
♪ ("KTHV 1995 News Theme," main theme, plays)
♪
>> Malay: From Arkansas' Fastest Growing News
Station, this is "Today's THV".
>> Scott: Take a deep breath, you survived
the busiest shopping weekend of the year.
Good evening to you, I'm Dawn Scott.
>> Jansen: And I'm Anne Jansen.
♪ ("KTHV 1995 News Theme," main theme, plays)
♪
>> Malay: Named "Best Newscast" by the Associated
Press, this is "Today's THV"...
with Anne Jansen, Dawn Scott, Andy Pearson
and weather with meteorologist Ed Buckner.
♪ ("KTHV 1995 News Theme," main theme, plays)
♪
From Arkansas' Fastest Growing News Station,
this is "Today's THV"...
>> Andy Pearson: A good evening to you.
He has been on the run since September.
Tonight, Timothy Tillman of Arkansas is back
behind bars in Las Vegas.
♪ ("KTHV 1995 News Theme," main theme, plays)
♪
>> Malay: Named "Best Newscast" by the Associated
Press, this is "Today's THV"...
with Andy Pearson, Anne Jansen, Dawn Scott
and weather with meteorologist Ed Buckner.
♪ ("KTHV 1995 News Theme," main theme, plays)
♪
From Arkansas' Fastest Growing News Station,
you're watching "11 on 11: The THV 10:00 Difference".
>> Scott: Good evening.
One of Saline County's smaller towns could
soon be one of its largest.
♪ ("KTHV 1995 News Theme," main theme, plays)
♪
>> Malay: Named "Best Newscast" by the Associated
Press, this is "11 on 11: The THV 10:00 Difference"...
with Dawn Scott, Andy Pearson, Anne Jansen
with the "THV Extra"
and weather with meteorologist Ed Buckner.
♪ ("KTHV 1995 News Theme," main theme, plays)
♪
>> Coming up: the State Fair opens, high school
students gear up for Friday night football,
and the sniper attacks near Washington having
an effect across the country.
>> Malay: You're watching Arkansas' Fastest
Growing News Station,
this is "Today's THV".
♪ ("KTHV 1995 News Theme," main theme, plays)
♪
You're watching Arkansas' Fastest Growing
News Station,
this is "11 on 11: The THV 10:00 Difference".
>> Liz Massey: Residents in Washington, D.C.
refusing to live in fear of a serial sniper.
It's our top story tonight.
Thanks for staying up with us, I'm Liz Massey.
>> T.J. Holmes: And, I'm T.J. Holmes.
♪ ("KTHV 1995 News Theme," morning theme,
plays) ♪
>> Malay: From Arkansas' Fastest Growing News
Station, this is "Today's THV This Morning"...
with Robyn Richardson, B.J. Sams and meteorologist
Tom Brannon.
♪ ("KTHV 1995 News Theme," midday theme,
plays) ♪
From "Today's THV," this is "Arkansas Today"
with Beth Ward.
>> Ward: Hello, everybody, and thank you for
choosing "Arkansas Today".
♪ ("KTHV 1995 News Theme," main theme, plays)
♪
>> Malay: Named "Best Newscast" by the Associated
Press,
You're watching "11 on 11: The THV 10:00 Difference".
>> Pearson: Good evening, I'm Andy Pearson.
Dawn is off tonight.
The Skirten family says their Christmas...
shelter.
Charles Bernley says earlier this week...
♪ ("KTHV 1995 News Theme," main theme, plays)
♪
>> Malay: Voted "Best Newscast" by the Associated
Press for the second straight year,
this is "11 on 11: The THV 10:00 Difference"...
with Dawn Scott; Andy Pearson; weather with
chief meteorologist Ed Buckner and Craig O'Neill,
sports.
♪ ("KTHV 2004 News Theme" plays) ♪
>> Massey: Tonight: an officer's mission to
help man's best friend.
>> Craig O'Neill: In tonight's "THV Extra,"
messy Monday:
an up close and personal visit with the animals
at Heffer International.
>> Massey: And, our top story: help is underway
for unemployed Arkansans.
>> Malay: Now, all of your news and weather
in the first 11 minutes...
This is "11 on 11: The THV 10:00 Difference".
>> O'Neill: Good evening, and thanks for joining
us.
I'm Craig O'Neill.
>> Massey: And, I'm Liz Massey.
♪ ("KTHV 2004 News Theme" plays) ♪
>> Malay: The people, the difference in news
and information on the air and on the web...
This is "11 on 11: The THV 10:00 Difference".
♪ ("Gannett News Music Package," alternate
theme, by Rampage Music New York plays) ♪
On the air and on the web...
This is "Today's THV at Noon," with Stefanie
Bryant and Tom Brannon.
>> Stefanie Bryant: Hello, welcome to "Today's
THV at Noon".
I'm Stefanie Bryant.
>> Tom Brannon: And I'm Tom Brannon, on, uh,
what's turning out to be a very hot Friday.
>> Scott: ...allegedly trying to gun down
an Arkansas police officer.
How cops tracked him halfway across the country.
>> Massey: And, potential jurors file through
the Pulaski County Courthouse.
This week, Curtis Vance goes on trial for
the brutal murder of Anne Pressly.
♪ ("Gannett News Music Package," main theme,
by Rampage Music New York plays) ♪
>> Malay: Now, The Difference in news and
information on the air and on the web...
This is "Today's THV at 5:00".
>> Massey: Good evening, and thank you for
being with us tonight.
I'm Liz Massey.
♪ ("Gannett News Music Package," alternate
theme, by Rampage Music New York plays) ♪
>> Malay: Now, from Arkansas' News and High
Definition Leader,
"THV," First in HD...
This is "Today's THV at 6:30".
>> Scott: Hello, welcome to "THV," First in
HD.
I'm Dawn Scott.
Here's a look at the day's top news stories.
♪ ("Gannett News Music Package," main theme,
by Rampage Music New York plays) ♪
>> Malay: Now, The Difference in news and
information...
"11 on 11: The THV 10:00 Difference".
>> Pam Baccam: But first, our top story: a
Conway man behind bars...
♪ ("This Is Home," main theme, by Gari Media
Group plays) ♪
>> Malay: Now, The Difference in news and
information in Arkansas...
This is "THV 11 News at Noon".
>> Ashley Blackstone: As the winter weather
continues,
temperatures are dropping, making some roads
dangerous.
Good afternoon, thank you for joining us.
I'm Ashley Blackstone, alongside Tom Brannon.
>> Brannon: And, good afternoon.
We're going to have live team coverage in
just a moment.
♪♪
>> Vernon: You're watching "Arkansas 11,"
KTHV, Little Rock.